Update COMSOL documentation with new notes and resources (#830)
NREL/HPC: docs/Documentation/Applications/comsol.md

# COMSOL Multiphysics 

COMSOL Multiphysics is a versatile finite element analysis and simulation package. The COMSOL graphical user interface (GUI) environment is supported primarily for building and solving small models while operation in batch mode allows users to scale their models to larger, higher-fidelity studies. Currently, we host three floating network licenses and a number of additional modules. Three COMSOL versions are available on Kestrel, they are 6.2, 6.3 and 6.4 (default).
## Note

> By default, COMSOL will create a hidden directory (*.comsol*) in your home directory to save the preference files, recovery files, and temporary files. It will fill up your home directory soon. To prevent this, we included new wrappers for the 6.3 and 6.4 versions to force comsol create a directory named with comsol_prefs in your directory under */scratch*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, COMSOL will create a hidden directory, `.comsol`, in your home directory to save the preference files, recovery files, and temporary files. Since `/home` directories are limited to 50GB, we included new wrappers for the 6.3 and 6.4 versions to force COMSOL to create a directory named `comsol_prefs` in your `/scratch` directory. 
```

Note, when launching a GPU job on Kestrel, be sure to do so from one of its dedicated [GPU login nodes](../Systems/Kestrel/index.md).

> ## More Resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Additional Resources
```
